there's so many different kinds of
fitness trackers to choose from big
names like Fitbit and jawbone take up a
huge presence in space but if you're
looking for something that's flashy with
its design you might be interested in
this
hey guys John V from following and
you're watching our video review of the
mio fuse let's talk about design and boy
does the mere fuse look darn good it's
kind of much of the Nike FuelBand so you
work on run your hand but unlike the
FuelBand this one here is a lot more
flexible due to the silicon material
it's made out of and with that it gives
it some great water-resistant properties
so you could take a dip in the pool as
deep as 30 meters so not problem at all
and it's available in two different
sizes and two colors you have a
small/medium combination and a
medium/large and it's available in
either crimson or aqua now with our unit
it's the crimson color and it's just
nice how the red accents the black and
for the most part it definitely looks
appealing with its sporty style put it
on it's a breeze just because it's like
any other watch out there so - strap
you're just fasten it to your wrist
select the size you want put put the
hooks through the loop and then from
there you just got attach the other end
and that is pretty much it and you could
keep it a little bit loose so it doesn't
feel too restricting but it's nice that
contours at wrist there are two main
standout features here with the me of
pew is the first one is the LED display
which has these red LEDs which display
some useful information now you have
these buttons these raised areas on the
left and right sides where you could
scroll through some of the options here
so give you your distance your steps
your calories and the time itself and
there's also another touch sensitive
area a top here to activate the workout
mode and it's pretty cool especially in
the dark and very different from other
trackers that we've seen we just wish
that there was different colors to
choose from besides red secondly you
have the heart rate sensor on its
underside now it's something that's
enabled only when you're doing workout
it doesn't offer real-time tracking like
what you get with the Fitbit surge or
even the basis peak so this is more most
effective when you're using it
in a workout session new charger you got
use the included proprietary charging
cradle we know its proprietary that's
expected for most fitness trackers you
just got to line up the pins here and
then from them the underside you have
the USB cable you plug that into any USB
port and I'll start juicing it for
fitness tracker I do like how you're
able to use some relevant data directly
through the LED display here so your
goal percentage your distance step count
and calories now if you want to check
out your heart weight though you got to
go into a workout mode by holding down
the top button for a few seconds it
places it into that mode then from here
it's it's tracking your heart rate in
real time so you get a really good
accurate calorie burn with your workouts
now other other trackers out there have
real time so it's always constantly on
to get a really good active reading but
this is primarily meant to be used with
workouts and what I like about the
workout mode is that you'll have this
another LED lighting up here so and so
if you're working out and you're
increasing your heart rate it'll change
colors accordingly so you know where
you're at I thought that you'll also
feel some vibrations to indicate your
heart rate level in order to make use of
the information that it gathers you got
download the meal Go app which is
available Android iOS now compared to
some of the other fitness apps out there
this is pretty bare-bones as it can get
it just shows you so the necessities
here so for example you can see your
workouts you have a weekly view to but
there's no monthly one and it's pretty
ok when it comes to detailing what
you've done so of course you can tell
how many steps you've taken in turn how
many calories you burn with that and if
when you're using you're using it for
workouts it also manages to show you is
your heart rate level in a line graph
which is useful and also your pace but
it's not quite as extensive or as
encompassing as some of the other
fitness apps we've checked like Fitbit
the better life is pretty good
above-average definitely compared some
other comparable fitness trackers they
claim to get to get 6 to 7 days and we
did get just that around 6 days at least
which is pretty good considering that
you don't have to constantly charge it
all the time
$150 to pick up the meal fuse is priced
similarly to many other fitness trackers
in its class so that means the Fitbit
charge HR now go with if you really
prefer the design style it definitely
captures their attention especially with
the LED display it has a nice glow to it
and it has a long battery life and it's
also waterproof however there are some
compromises in picking it up for example
it doesn't offer real-time heart rate
tracking only in workouts and there's no
sleep tracking as well which is
something we expect nowadays that come
built-in with many fitness trackers but
still not a bad option they just need
some work on the software side with the
app but if you're all about fitness this
will get the job done